Add antrea scale test tool (#5772)
antrea-io/antrea: test/performance/README.md

Reviewer: Please add the details of this scale test tool to help reviewers and users to understand the framework and how to use it.

# Introduction

The purpose of this Kubernetes CNI scale testing tool is to evaluate the performance and scalability of
CNI within Kubernetes clusters.

The following sections detail these features and explain how to use the tool.

## 1. Scalability

Whether it's a cluster with a single node or hundreds of nodes, you can execute tests with just
a command line.

```shell

> make bin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make antrea-scale
```

> ./bin/antrea-scale --kubeConfigPath=/root/.kube/config --timeout=120 --config=./test/performance/scale.yml

Reviewer: You can print the help message of this command `antrea-scale` before introduce the detail usages, otherwise, it's hard for user to understand what's timeout unit.
```
Usage of ./bin/antrea-scale:
      --config string              Config file of scale test cases list (default "test/performance/scale.yml")
      --kubeConfigPath string      Path of cluster kubeconfig
      --templateFilesPath string   Template YAML files path of test cases (default "test/performance/assets")
      --timeout int                Timeout limit (minutes) of the whole scale test (default 10)
      --v string                    (default "2")
```

```

> ## 2. Configurability

Reviewer: Please remove numbers in title, we didn't add this in Antrea documents.

You can easily configure the test parameters to meet various testing scenarios through a YAML file.

```yaml
real_node: true
repeat_times: 1
namespace_num: 5
pods_num_per_ns: 10
svc_num_per_ns: 4
np_num_per_ns: 5
skip_deploy_workload: false
teardown: false
scales:
  - name: "ScaleUpWorkloadPods"
    package: "test/performance/framework"
    repeat_times: 1
  - name: "ScaleService"
    package: "test/performance/framework"
    repeat_times: 1
  - name: "ScaleRestartAgent"
    package: "test/performance/framework"
    repeat_times: 1
  - name: "RestartController"
    package: "test/performance/framework"
    repeat_times: 1
  - name: "ScaleNetworkPolicy"
    package: "test/performance/framework"
    repeat_times: 1
```

> ## 3. Flexibility & Assemblability

Reviewer: The following two parts are for configuration details, you can remove this title.

The configuration file can be divided into two parts:
the first part controls the scale of the test,

```yaml
real_node: true
repeat_times: 1
namespace_num: 5
pods_num_per_ns: 10
svc_num_per_ns: 4
np_num_per_ns: 5
skip_deploy_workload: false
teardown: false
```

and the second part controls different test cases through the combination and arrangement of
individual test cases.

```yaml
scales:
  - name: "ScaleNetworkPolicy"
    package: "test/performance/framework"
    repeat_times: 1
  - name: "ScaleRestartAgent"
    package: "test/performance/framework"
    repeat_times: 1
```

For example, if we want to test whether the startup speed of the agent is affected after creating

> NetworkPolicy on a large scale, we can place "ScaleNP" under "ScaleAgent."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NetworkPolicy on a large scale cluster, we can place "ScaleNetworkPolicy" after "ScaleRestartAgent."
```

> Also, we can control the number of tests by setting the "repeat" parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, we can control the number of tests by setting the `repeat_times` field.
```

## 4. Efficient resource utilization(Antrea simulator agent)

A significant concern is that large-scale testing requires a vast amount of cluster resources.
We can use simulated agents to conduct tests to save resources and achieve the goal of scaling
tests with fewer resources.

If we want to test the performance of the Antrea Controller with limited node resources, we can
use the "realNode" parameter. Once disabled, the system will use simulated Antrea agent.
The simulator can watch the Antrea controller just like the real agent does, and it makes us
able to simulate a large number of agents in a smaller number of nodes. It is useful for Antrea
scalability testing, without having to create a very large cluster.

## 5. Multiple platforms(Different CNIs)

Additionally, for some common functional features, it's essential to compare the performance
differences between different CNIs to understand our shortcomings or advantages.
The scale test tool can run tests on different Kubernetes platforms and compare the performance

> metrics of different CNIs.

Reviewer: Have you tried with different CNIs? If yes, please highlight the configuration yaml differences and requirements, I don't think the case like `ScaleRestartAgent` will work for other CNIs. If not, please remove this section.

Author: Of course. I think we can use `ScaleService` and `ScaleNetworkPolicy` to test any other CNIs.
```yaml
scales:
  - name: "ScaleUpWorkloadPods"
    package: "test/performance/framework"
    repeat_times: 1
  - name: "ScaleService"
    package: "test/performance/framework"
    repeat_times: 1
  - name: "ScaleNetworkPolicy"
    package: "test/performance/framework"
    repeat_times: 1
```

## 6. Measure and monitoring

> The Antrea scale test tool also integrates monitoring tools, with Prometheus and Grafana,

Reviewer: Please provide the details about how to install monitoring tools, or at least point out the `deploy.sh` script and the path of dashboards, Otherwise, user might not be aware of these tools and pre-defined dashboards.

Author: Updated.
